You might be aware that angle or has two approaches when it comes to creating forms the template driven
approach which will lead to anger to inferring we're automatically creating the javascript representation
of your form for you whenever it detects a form element in your age old code and the reactive approach
which will lead or which means that you created for on your own programmatically in your code and then
you tell ironic to which form and which form elements in your HVM template.
It has to synchronize with your form object and with the controls you find there.
Great news art and I think to both approaches work so both works you can use either the template driven
or the reactive approach.
And guess what.
In this app I'm going to show you both approaches and show you how to integrate them with I on to just
one important information right at the beginning.
It's works really just like it works in any normal or two apps.
The main difference is that you have different input items to work with.
Since I on two ships with some nice components when it comes to using forms or setting up user input
fields or pages.
So let's dive into which components we may use and then how to use them.
We have the template driven approach first in the next ELECTRESS